1. As a software developer and data analyst I want quick access to all the data via an API, with strong documentation so I can build business intelligence applications for last mile logistics.
2. As a spatial statistician and data visualiser I want to be able to access the spatial data in a format that I understand (e.g. Geojson) and customise what other parameters I download with it, to ensure that I can quickly build visualisations and spatial analytics of last mile logistics.
3. As a spatial analyst I want to be able to add my analysed data and code for analysis to the data hub to help create new views of the data that can be visualised in a dashboard.
4. As policy decision maker I want to be able to see all the information about how urban freight impacts the roads to develop new policies that support business as usual trends in urban freight.
5. As a city planner I want to be able to see all the spatial data on a map because I want to be able to understand how urban freight interacts with the city and impacts citizens.
6. As a courier I want to be able to see quantitative perspective of my business' performance in space and time so I can better utilise my fleet.
7. I am a carrier and I want to be able to dynamically find the best locations to set up caching and portering locations for parcels in the city to help reduce the amount of time my vehicles out on a round.
8. As a courier I want to be able to dynamically allocate patches for delivery drivers and manage the area of their round to help optimise clustering of parcels in the rounds of inexperienced delivery workers.
9. As a courier I want an automatic method for inserting data into the data hub for collaborative last mile logistics because I want to have a portion of my business optimised via collaborative logistics.
10. As a decision maker I want a dashboard that can help model future scenarios of the last mile, because helping visualise and quantitively demonstrate future scenarios is a powerful tool in demonstrating how policy decisions may affect urban traffic, the city and freight.
